Ken Olsen: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, what's happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's happening.
Ken Olsen: I'm just, I'm just fucking had it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Ken Olsen: I just have, I just, you know, I can't settle down pocket losing it.
Ken Olsen: Why I just
Ken Olsen: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What caused it.
Ken Olsen: Well people you know my family's kind of weight behind my back and
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: I found out that my accent seen somebody and they knew the whole time. And I'm like, Well, shit, you know, he believed me on
Ken Olsen: In and test the heart attack and
Ken Olsen: You know, like I kind of feel like I should have just died.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not true.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's an absolutely not.
Ken Olsen: No, this ain't This ain't worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it is children.
Ken Olsen: Fuck it.
Ken Olsen: Nobody gives a shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They haven't you have a grand baby.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you mean, not really.
Ken Olsen: No, I just think I'm a fucking joke, everybody.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not a joke at all can
You not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to know, you know that exes are going to do what they're going to do. And the hardest part is for
Losing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is for people to be in the middle of all that stuff.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Ken Olsen: You know, I got halfway cool myself. I can think I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think that you really want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're hurt.
Ken Olsen: I can't take it anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What can't you take this
Ken Olsen: working every day. Shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got a whole life to live.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here what I'm telling you.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really you do it's you know it's time that you take care of yourself.
Ken Olsen: Church should be talking shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come on, work with me here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you're hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nobody wants to go through that.
Ken Olsen: Well, I'm just
Ken Olsen: I got the guys
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I would hate for you to do anything that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would stop you and I work together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a lot to offer this world and you have a lot to offer other people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it.
Ken Olsen: Go bullshit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't believe that it is I don't, I believe that, you know, your
Ken Olsen: People do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think you do either. I think you're irritated you're hurt right now. And that's what's coming out.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're allowed to feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're allowed to hurt. You're allowed to cry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't mean anything.
Ken Olsen: I don't have anybody to talk to
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I don't, I can't get all A's a fucking joke like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Ken Olsen: Everybody's got their own shit to do is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm. Have you tried to talk to somebody
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what happened.
Ken Olsen: Is this talk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just talk but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nobody wants to feel. Nobody wants to feel this stuff. Nobody. You're not alone.
Ken Olsen: I deserve it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't believe that either.
Ken Olsen: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you can't give up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time that you take back your life.
Ken Olsen: Sorry. Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can yeah these are, these are the things that take us out.
Ken Olsen: For sure. I'm actually going to welcome you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Ken Olsen: Well, you have whenever you can let everybody know
Ken Olsen: Your story.
Ken Olsen: Nobody else gets
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be 100% true
Ken Olsen: Often joke.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not. You're absolutely not your, your human being that has, you know, an addiction issue. You know, you're like hundreds of thousands of other people.
Ken Olsen: BB
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that you have good qualities
Ken Olsen: Everybody does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Ken Olsen: Only one wasting your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you're not wasting my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're reaching out because you want help, because you want to be able to walk through the same get on the other side of it, I believe that
Ken Olsen: Everything does happen, at least you can tell when I said
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm a mandatory reporter, you know that right
Ken Olsen: I don't know what you're talking about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It means that if you are telling me that you're going to hurt yourself. Then I have to report it.
Ken Olsen: Oh fucking report anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me that you're not going to do anything. And that you're just hurt right now.
Ken Olsen: I'm not gonna do anything about her.
Ken Olsen: Locker doing great.
Ken Olsen: I'm not gonna do anything.
Ken Olsen: Like fucking dog shit. I don't even know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I do know, I know, I know what it's like to, you know, get your heart broke and to be mad and to want to run out of your own skin and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to, to, because you feel betrayed because nobody told you what was going on. He had like an adage slap in the face or something.
Ken Olsen: I just wish I had died.
Ken Olsen: I was pretty much trying to copy the artist didn't want to fucking die.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There was a reason
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe that I believe that I've seen people come back from the brink, and
Ken Olsen: There's no rhyme or reason rewards for your miserable existence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't tell me that you haven't had good times in your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because if you didn't have good times in your life, then you wouldn't you wouldn't be her right now.
Ken Olsen: Joke
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not God, you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know what it's like to be the last to know something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it sucks.
Ken Olsen: That's what last to know kind of thing. I couldn't do it this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you guys did you think that was a possibility that you guys might get back together.
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You didn't think there may
Ken Olsen: Know my daughter. Have you been on her side.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: You just got the smirk on her face. And this makes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because your wife has a ex wife has a boyfriend.
Ken Olsen: No, my daughter takes her side.
So,
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: I've never laid. I've never done shipping my daughter.
Ken Olsen: She does not have to shut her mouth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She just knows what she hears and what she sees
Ken Olsen: Yeah, well I don't talk bad about her mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you think that your exes talking bad about you to her.
Ken Olsen: I don't know, probably
Ken Olsen: I don't know.
But
Ken Olsen: She would say she to me and Mr hurt my feelings you know i just i walk around a little bit because I couldn't take it at the time because He's accusing me of this and talking shit about my dad in the lobby.
Ken Olsen: Like, I want to hear that every fucking day. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I understand that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think there really is anybody that St.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, I keep hearing it, you know. Right, good at to myself. You deserve it.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where do we go from here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get through today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me who you tried to reach out to you.
Ken Olsen: There is nobody nobody gives a shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't believe that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a sponsor.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, but
Ken Olsen: He's going to the same fucking thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which part
Ken Olsen: I got to hear your shit. I was like, God, it just adds to it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So have you thought about calling him and saying, I just need you to listen.
Ken Olsen: I don't read anybody's listen
Ken Olsen: I just don't know what the fuck to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to rise above all of this, you have to
Ken Olsen: You put me on some medication or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What can I
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What doctor do you work with
Craig.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Ken Olsen: I have a feeling it, but I'm probably gonna have another fucking heart attack.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Ken Olsen: I just feel it and it's, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you need to go to
Ken Olsen: A word. I wish I just fucking check out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I certainly don't wish you would do that.
Ken Olsen: Well, that's your job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's more than my job. Here's the thing is that you're going through a tough time right
Ken Olsen: Now,
Ken Olsen: You get paid to do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I wouldn't do it if I didn't love to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You understand
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I just don't think I'm gonna make it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can
Ken Olsen: Have been fooling myself I'm incident for myself. It's like, God, I can't do it more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've gone through a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can get through those two
Ken Olsen: Vertebrae myself like I don't shit right everybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In front of
Ken Olsen: My family, my daughter.
Ken Olsen: Was breaking out in front of earlier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're human and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're a person. Yeah, feelings, and what's wrong with that.
Well,
Ken Olsen: They think I deserve it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I don't believe anybody believes to be hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: Maybe get Dr fig to put me on medication or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When's the next time that you see him.
Ken Olsen: I was supposed to
Ken Olsen: I was trying to get on the three o'clock meeting today and the phone get fucking up and they kept bouncing all over the goddamn place. And I remember you said to talk to you.
Mm hmm.
Ken Olsen: I couldn't get through and they had to do the fucking survey. And I did that, and I still it's nothing was
Ken Olsen: I don't get
Ken Olsen: My history. I used to say darker thing on there. Now it's knowing what the fuck happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, too.
Ken Olsen: Big or something or yeah
Ken Olsen: Maybe you can maybe comatose me for a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to reach out to him and let him know that you're struggling and see
Ken Olsen: I've never take Xanax before people tell me that work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What medications are you taking through us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What medication. Are you taking us
Ken Olsen: What am I taking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Are we prescribing you anything.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, but I don't take it.
Ken Olsen: Some talks own shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh now. Okay.
Ken Olsen: can't do this anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you can. You just got to breed.
Ken Olsen: Everybody. So today I sobered up. I can't do this. Should I don't want, I don't want to drink. I just don't want
Ken Olsen: I don't want to drink.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: I could go get a fucking beer. Anytime I wanted to you. I don't want you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm begging.
Ken Olsen: This is just fucked up.
Ken Olsen: Can't get it together.
Ken Olsen: Never
Ken Olsen: Heart attack.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listen.
Ken Olsen: If you get a whole daughter fig.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm messaging and right now I don't know if he's with somebody, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just send them a message I'm waiting for him to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: respond back to me.
Ken Olsen: Toby, you
Ken Olsen: Need something for anxiety bad
Ken Olsen: I never took it in and
Ken Olsen: I need to take something I know I do were able to freak out.
Ken Olsen: I'm shaking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You gotta breathe for a second.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to feel these. I mean, I know it sucks, but you have to to get it out a little bit. You know what you're feeling
Ken Olsen: I've been trying it doesn't fucking work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what you're most heard about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what you're most hurt about
My family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About what happened with your wife or
About feeling betrayed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Ken Olsen: She's the mother. My kid. I don't like to say baby mama so stupid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The fact that that they didn't tell you or that they're on her side, what part about
Ken Olsen: Both okay
Ken Olsen: We've been playing me like a fucking fiddle
Ken Olsen: She reminds me so much of her mom.
You have one daughter or 210
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did she say why she didn't tell you
Ken Olsen: She's here she cheated.
Ken Olsen: Why well shit. She's on her website.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that what she told you
Ken Olsen: A little stupid ass greater hers. I just pop it hurts the shadow me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you guys fighting in the past, you and your daughter.
Ken Olsen: No, I never fought with my daughter.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: I never raised my hand at her any ever
Ken Olsen: I think one time.
Ken Olsen: The inner mom are arguing and I told her, who do you want to go with
Ken Olsen: Course her mom.
Ken Olsen: I can remember.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Things with your dad.
Ken Olsen: boring as hell.
Ken Olsen: Right be
Ken Olsen: put up with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because he's your dad. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Stay here. Stay here.
Ken Olsen: I basically got kicked out of my partner. She's still is my old apartment with all my shit to and I never said a word.
Ken Olsen: She moved her ball. Then when I got
Ken Olsen: The job or anger management was bullshit.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: He's a fucking joke.
Ken Olsen: Bigger man.
Ken Olsen: What a great fucking person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think we all are one more her
Ken Olsen: Walk.
Ken Olsen: This better
Ken Olsen: Marketing
Ken Olsen: To do.
Ken Olsen: This is basically the same thing over and over again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, creating new patterns.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I know and i think you know to that if you know you're doing the best that you can do as far as staying sober that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No nowhere does it say that life is going to be easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just says that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just says that it just says that it becomes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little bit more tolerable with a little bit of support.
Support
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a sponsor you're working with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you do have people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is really the hardest part of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of life when your heart gets broken and you have to deal with, you know, all of these crazy feelings things that we ran from for a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there's nothing, absolutely nothing that is worth, you know, thinking that you just want to give up. There's just nothing
Ken Olsen: Why people do all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know and it's sad to me, you know,
Like I said,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, it doesn't always have to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: doesn't always have to be
Ken Olsen: Was Pettis shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, that's how you feel right now. But I also know that there's more to it than that.
Ken Olsen: It just doesn't make any
Ken Olsen: Sense to me anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, right here in this moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it doesn't mean that it's not gonna
Ken Olsen: It's really nice words clicking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. They don't have to click
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm not going to start and stop saying them. I mean, because I wholeheartedly believe it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know right now that you're going through some tough stuff.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, you know,
Would you do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would you do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you trying to quit.
Ken Olsen: I don't know what I'm doing. I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah Have anything to be sorry for
Ken Olsen: Sorry, I
Ken Olsen: Should have died.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't believe that. And I don't think you really believe that either.
Ken Olsen: What point does even
Ken Olsen: You know, just to see pointless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To not pointless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a whole other side to all of this. You've just got to walk through it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, right. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that to be true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that I know that is fat.
Ken Olsen: And we're bringing pathetic fucking piece of shit that are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your human being that has emotions and right now they're overwhelming.
Ken Olsen: Well, I've been through all this. You know, before this bucket. I don't want to go through it again. It's just like with the books and played
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through all of what
Ken Olsen: Everything and
It.
Ken Olsen: Breaks ups and I can ruin your hearts and
Ken Olsen: He traded laughed at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh good lord who would want to go through that.
Ken Olsen: This is like, I don't like like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now it's totally understandable, but it doesn't mean that it won't get better.
Ken Olsen: What did the doctor say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm still waiting. I don't think he's on. Sorry. He's gonna have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check. Listen, if it gets too bad, then you need to go.
Ken Olsen: Okay, get over time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If it gets too bad, then you need to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Over to
Ken Olsen: Regard hospital.
Ken Olsen: That's left off booking. No way.
OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm waiting. And I sent the message and it doesn't appear that he is online right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But he'll get the message.
Ken Olsen: That's the only doctor
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doctor, Doctor fig see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Jonathan Big Data to you're working with.
Ken Olsen: I guess.
Ken Olsen: I don't even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, I don't believe that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feel your feelings walk through them a little bit
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't make any rational, you know, irrational decisions.
Ken Olsen: All I ever do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I don't believe that you picked up the phone and called me when you were in stress. So how is that a rational
Ken Olsen: Or to be comatose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to be comatose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who doesn't win their hearts.
Ken Olsen: You know, you get medication for lucky. Give it to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm still waiting to hear from the doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: prescriber I'm just the therapist.
You know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am just that their best game.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I don't know how you do it.
Ken Olsen: I wouldn't want to listen to shit all day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh, you know, the great part about it is you know when you walk through this and we get to the
Room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think I have to stop, think about it, because I have not had that issue in a very long time.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't you even don't you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Ken Olsen: Don't we
Can
Ken Olsen: Mark
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can tell you what I know to be 100% true
And I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know there's another side to this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that that you will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be able to walk through this, even though, doesn't feel like it right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You tell me, do you, you don't have a plan in place.
Ken Olsen: Really plans.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, sorry, sorry plan in place.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: lying to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, okay good.
Ken Olsen: Luck. I'm dead already.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now you do, but I promise you you'll get over on the other side, you'll walk through this
Ken Olsen: I've already made myself look like a dumb.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Ken Olsen: We shouldn't went over to my daughter. So I tried that I keep her out of it. And I said, look, man.
Ken Olsen: I miss your mom I fucked up the cheetahs Canada, just do it right, my face. I'm like, well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet it did. And I'm sorry that you had to go through that. That's horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would feel exactly how you feel right now. If it was me in your place. You just got to know that.
Ken Olsen: Man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, kids do pretty good job of breaking our hurts us for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sure.
Ken Olsen: First time
Ken Olsen: That is still have anything anybody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think you have
To
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Absolutely not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't lie, by the way.
Ken Olsen: You ever. You see, this should all be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, actually I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I still think that you need to hear it.
Ken Olsen: nervous breakdown at forever. Pretty much.
Ken Olsen: It just
Ken Olsen: Laughed actually I just
Ken Olsen: kind of laughed. I just
Ken Olsen: I don't know. I made it. I hope
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm glad you did.
Ken Olsen: Richie Colby yeah
Ken Olsen: Just fucking a blubbering. Cool. I couldn't even really talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your daughter.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What she say
Ken Olsen: The usual stuff. People say, Yo, you're doing good.
Ken Olsen: Like I gotta
Ken Olsen: prove myself at
Ken Olsen: This look like a bucket look like an idiot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, not from the chair. I'm sitting in
Ken Olsen: My head and you get paid to do this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, because that's a negative thought processes going on right now, but that's okay because I don't take anything you tell me personal
Ken Olsen: I don't read it the bad way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, that's why I'm telling you that this I promise, I promise.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That there's relief after walking through this hurt.
Ken Olsen: My business already bucket a reading books.
Ken Olsen: For me,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you need to change it up.
Ken Olsen: 20 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, sounds like you needed that damn to break
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: Block me
Ken Olsen: Know,
Ken Olsen: You can do better than me. I know that.
Ken Olsen: That's not it, that's not the issue. I know she can do better be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't know what you're doing here.
Ken Olsen: No, I don't.
Ken Olsen: Know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're feeling you're crawling out of your skin because it's uncomfortable. I know what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember one thing, and that is that you're human. And you make mistakes, just like everybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet you have
Ken Olsen: I preach that shit to
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're human.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You make mistakes.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, we've been just holding it.
Ken Olsen: Hurt.
Ken Olsen: Call it
Ken Olsen: hurts the word
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: More severe
Ken Olsen: Too easy with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: heart feels like an easier word than what it is.
Ken Olsen: What it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is it
Ken Olsen: What the fuck it is, that
Ken Olsen: I can handle hurt.
Ken Olsen: I don't know. I'm making sense of the word.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're making perfect sense to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your
Ken Olsen: Bucket List.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Ken Olsen: We were talking to you last week and I remember you saying like, I don't need to talk to her yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We all need to talk to somebody, sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: I don't know how to even talk to my daughter again.
Ken Olsen: I just bought this laptop.
Ken Olsen: That was talking to her that I'm trying to get on this day of meeting.
Ken Olsen: The meeting was it go through and I got bad news. I just started losing it. I started
Ken Olsen: Talking I snapped. I didn't do anything. Say anything or
Ken Olsen: I just bucket store out
Ken Olsen: I don't know. After that it forget
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, thank God, you made it home.
Ken Olsen: He texted me that colder and I just
Ken Olsen: I was a sodding
Ken Olsen: I don't know why I called her and she called her back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you did a great job.
Ken Olsen: What
Ken Olsen: I don't know. I think our relish, you get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that can't feel, you know, very good on your, you know, your daughter side. I mean, I just can't see.
Ken Olsen: God, she she's we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: really believe that
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't believe so.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you're right there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it.
Ken Olsen: Was the darker, dude. No, no, darker.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I still don't have them on. I'm waiting.
Ken Olsen: Your pisses me off because I tried to get ahold I was trying to get off their meeting I missed the last week's to
Ken Olsen: That was on 15 minutes early, and
Ken Olsen: They said, do some damn survey added know I had to do again.
Ken Olsen: Just putting everything to say just fucking gay bass. I give up.
Ken Olsen: What do you like to
Ken Olsen: So I'm not gonna get the darker data I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He might respond in a little bit. If he's in group or something. Then he won't respond to tell he's done.
Ken Olsen: You probably sees by other people a day. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not that much.
Ken Olsen: You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's your plan tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you just gonna kick back at home and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be safe.
Ken Olsen: I'm afraid to show my face anywhere.
Ken Olsen: That what they're
Ken Olsen: Afraid of shit.
Ken Olsen: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
Ken Olsen: Said, except myself.
Ken Olsen: You hear that all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, actually I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to be able to laugh again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just got to get through this stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sober
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And alive.
Ken Olsen: My word about staying sober. Right, very
Good.
Ken Olsen: Never really did in the first place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks for that honesty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks for that, honestly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's amazing to me and I want to point this out to you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not what that's not the first thing that you did after all of this happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it tells me, can that there's a piece that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you feel that way right now. And yes, you felt that way. In the past, but there's a piece of you that doesn't want that.
Ken Olsen: You
Ken Olsen: Did
Ken Olsen: A good job.
Ken Olsen: Bruce tailbone. I can't take it. No more.
Ken Olsen: Plus the shakes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Like I can't kill myself.
Ken Olsen: Little for myself and get out of smoking paid
Ken Olsen: Then I have a heart attack.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then your heart broke
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Side of things. What I would hope would happen is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You would continue on this path, and you would heal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll find your happiness.
Ken Olsen: Happiness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: happiness comes with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In can, it's not. I
Ken Olsen: Don't like me.
Ken Olsen: That's the problem. People drink. I don't like them so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe there's pieces of you that you don't like, but there's your good qualities
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're a good person.
Ken Olsen: A lot of good people.
Ken Olsen: See
Ken Olsen: I don't argue with you. Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay if we don't argue will debate the
Ken Olsen: two year old kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not a two year old kid. You're my you're a human being that is struggling in this moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you separate things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: Work anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't want to work anymore.
Ken Olsen: I don't want a job.
Ken Olsen: And knee surgery shoulder surgery, no surgery.
Ken Olsen: Like a heart attack.
Ken Olsen: Done.
Ken Olsen: broke every bone in my book and body.
Ken Olsen: Don't shoot everybody, by the way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm glad you chose to open up a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is a piece of your healing process. You got to know
Ken Olsen: That
Ken Olsen: You can write the book when I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: After you after you've walked through this and you found your happiness and
Happiness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, most people that look for happiness on the outside, instead of on the inside, don't find it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me when in your life.
Ken Olsen: You were the most happy I was paying for this, how much would I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was the most happiest time in your life.
Ken Olsen: No shit my diapers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your baby.
Ken Olsen: I got a lot of bucked up. Should that happen like everybody else, you know,
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You know, I was molested
Ken Olsen: You know by a failure, you
Ken Olsen: I even told somebody be poking around and throw up my face.
Ken Olsen: Anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: that's hurtful. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: everybody's life, a big pile of shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me some happy time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you've had them.
Ken Olsen: Know, since I was probably fucking three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about when your daughter was born.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, for a minute.
Ken Olsen: To turn out just like her mom like I knew it, I knew it. Like, oh shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about when your grandbaby was born.
You were
Ken Olsen: Kinda
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, kinda.
Ken Olsen: Parking is all I cared about.
Ken Olsen: Not working for me it's not clicking
Ken Olsen: On
Ken Olsen: To do and the networking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotta keep trying. You can't give up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He can't
Ken Olsen: I want to say, I don't want to see them regret.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You will walk through this. If you allow yourself to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And happiness. I know comes from within.
Ken Olsen: Why we are all booked up like everybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, even with that even going through, you know, a life of hardship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There were still some good times.
Ken Olsen: I didn't have my heart attack. I was still people be fucking hammered.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, but you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you stopped.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Fucking deal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is a big deal.
Ken Olsen: Here's a is everywhere. People just like me.
Ken Olsen: More
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And morgues more know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A na there. I mean, you know,
Ken Olsen: This whole, heaven, hell. God shit, you know,
Ken Olsen: I don't believe it anymore.
Ken Olsen: I don't feel that anymore either.
Ken Olsen: So,
Ken Olsen: I can just one empty motherfucker.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And also,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, not yet. Another way to look at it is if you're empty right now. It's a perfect chance when you heal to start filling it with good stuff.
Ken Olsen: Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know am I going to make you puke.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're talking all about unhappy stuff because I'm going to throw up. If you don't, I've heard people say that to me before.
Ken Olsen: This just doesn't click Cancel.
Ken Olsen: It just doesn't
Ken Olsen: My daughter as she was saying something to me and I'm like Sam i'd i i don't know if
Ken Olsen: I just typically and I'm sorry.
Ken Olsen: And I try not to bring her into it really tried for a long time. I never said anything.
Ken Olsen: But I'm the bad guy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The bad guy.
Ken Olsen: Pretty much everybody was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to do something different.
Ken Olsen: Okay, before I'm driving down. It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's hard. I know and you know it's not easy. You know that
Ken Olsen: You got dead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep trying. Don't give up. No matter what
Ken Olsen: I'm going to tell you
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Oh yeah, we're gonna keep on truckin
Ken Olsen: No doctor
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Ken Olsen: No.
Ken Olsen: This is the One Button time. I really want one.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Know, probably the second time.
Ken Olsen: Are you kidding me, are you, are you seriously, you can't go.
Ken Olsen: Are you purposely find his bike.
Ken Olsen: You gotta be honest.
Ken Olsen: To get ahold of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, absolutely not. Definitely not. I put a message on Slack for him in his
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Head.
Ken Olsen: He doesn't know who I am.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it shows me when people are online that I work with, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He is not online in the at the moment.
Ken Olsen: Can you call
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me. I don't have his phone number.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see if I can get
Ken Olsen: So it's either here, whether you're for people
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: The racket.
Ken Olsen: I kind of put you down or push you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not. I don't like a personal
Ken Olsen: Either
I know
Ken Olsen: I know you don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you're going through some stuff right now and I'm right here with you, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again,
Ken Olsen: open my door. I don't want to
Ken Olsen: Believe me, I've been talking down before with this just started
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is a tough stuff. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm talking. I'm trying to put a message out to one of my care navigators
Ken Olsen: Do I can't, I don't really want to go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, this is where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You probably don't want to hear this.
Ken Olsen: Six which you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is just the tough stuff that you got to walk through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know there's there's
Ken Olsen: There's six feet under.
Ken Olsen: Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: doesn't to me.
Ken Olsen: I can't even laugh at my own booking jobs anymore.
Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A CO right now.
Ken Olsen: I got a sleeping pill. I mean I got circle here knocks me out. I take couple over
Ken Olsen: Looking forget it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: For me,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm waiting on her.
Ken Olsen: Period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet you are eaten today.
Ken Olsen: Couple hard boiled eggs and some fish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How much water do you drink.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To eat healthy, and I know that when you go on through emotional stress that if you don't eat and drink plenty of water.
Ken Olsen: Well, I
Ken Olsen: lost my appetite and last date.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You ate today and you a good stuff for for your body. So that's a plus.
No.
Ken Olsen: No, no.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Ken Olsen: Character.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take a long time.
I'm
Ken Olsen: Not to waste your time here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know I'm wasting my time.
Ken Olsen: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, you know, we have an appointment tomorrow.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're gonna be there.
Ken Olsen: Of course, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you can't, if I can't get in touch with a doctor and you cannot get out of this stress can tell me that you will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go to urgent care.
Ken Olsen: Oh, no.
Ken Olsen: No way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What will you do
Ken Olsen: Take some pills in your sleep, I guess.
Ken Olsen: Then wake up and take some more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then wake up and come and meet me at noon.
Ken Olsen: So it looks like a no go on a darker.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm still waiting. I even got my care and every one of my care navigators on it too.
Ken Olsen: Well, the experience I had earlier was fucking run around that drove me nuts.
Ken Olsen: I think about the zoom thing, put me over the edge.
Probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be frustrating sometimes
Ken Olsen: Getting on trying to get on the goddamn thing and just, I just lost it. I just spoken snap.
Ken Olsen: I don't even know what the fuck happened.
Ken Olsen: only know the left and God
Ken Olsen: When I could never do a bit like that for my daughter before
Ken Olsen: I must look pathetic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about your fit.
Ken Olsen: I don't really remember it. I just remember
Ken Olsen: My grandson had my hat I snatched out of the 10 just fucking trying to get on zoom and everything else. I don't know. I shouldn't I shouldn't I shouldn't call her went over there, I thought maybe she can help me but
Ken Olsen: Pages fucking dug deeper
Ken Olsen: And try not to say a fucking word
Ken Olsen: I just can't handle anymore.
Ken Olsen: This ain't good. This is not good.
Ken Olsen: This is bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is tough.
Ken Olsen: I can take a lot of pain and ship it man. This is bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take a lot of pain. A lot of physical pain, but I don't think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you are prepared to take all this emotional pain right now.
Ken Olsen: It's bad.
Ken Olsen: It's really bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Explain it to me.
Ken Olsen: isn't bad.
Ken Olsen: There's nowhere to talk to her. Do you think I want to talk to anybody.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you want to do sit in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Look, you know as well as I do that. We don't have any control over anybody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. The only thing we have control over is us our risk our reactions, our responses. What we choose to engage in what we choose not to.
You know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't, it doesn't mean that it's you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not worth being here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It means right now you're going through some tough stuff and you don't know how to deal with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes you human
Ken Olsen: There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it.
Ken Olsen: Human beings are terrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They can't be but human beings also can be good people.
Ken Olsen: Maybe I'll come back as a plant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you come back as a
Ken Olsen: No.
Ken Olsen: Human beings. Take care plans.
Ken Olsen: This is fucking crazy.
Ken Olsen: Down the bucket, I end up here. I know I ended up here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you see the doctor and Greg today.
Ken Olsen: No, I couldn't get in
Ken Olsen: So I said, what about Rebecca. Rebecca
Rebecca
Ken Olsen: I couldn't get into. Anybody else have you. I told them all. Let me talk to her.
Ken Olsen: To call
Ken Olsen: And I took about half an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I was in
Ken Olsen: I understand.
Ken Olsen: I was in a lane to the doctor, though I tell you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Ken Olsen: Bobby. A good thing you didn't talk to me.
Ken Olsen: It probably is a good thing.
Ken Olsen: He talked to me, he died, they probably would have kicked me out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when well you found this out right before
Ken Olsen: The meeting.
Ah,
Ken Olsen: I knew I shouldn't have done it. I just I just I can't, I don't know. I don't know what to do.
Ken Olsen: I just thought maybe she could help me I don't know.
I know
Ken Olsen: That fucking
Ken Olsen: I didn't, I didn't lose my I just
Ken Olsen: I just bucket. I left where I
Ken Olsen: Said, I don't know, I just, I don't really remember coming home.
Ken Olsen: I don't think I've ever done that before.
Ken Olsen: Silver
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you did it.
Ken Olsen: Like when she called me, and I told her, I'm having a nervous breakdown. I didn't know what to say. It's only thing I could come up with
Ken Olsen: I called her
Ken Olsen: She texted me and I called her
Ken Olsen: And I shouldn't I should have just
Ken Olsen: Got a baby to take care of. You don't need to worry about me.
Ken Olsen: Two babies actually or husband, you
Ken Olsen: Know he's a good guy. He just smoked a lot of wheat grains like me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just like you
Ken Olsen: Don't do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so
Ken Olsen: Don't want to be in this don't want to be here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anywhere right at this moment and makes perfect sense. I got you. But that's not
Ken Olsen: I don't think I'm going to bounce back from this one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that if you give yourself time to heal that you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can can
Ken Olsen: Do anything, it really scares me is I do have the guts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I want you to pay attention to, you know, the other piece of this, where there's a piece that you don't want to. There's a piece that you do want somebody to support you through this because, you know, if not you wouldn't have, you know, called
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you have support people you know that you can talk to people. And yes, this is a horrible situation.
Ken Olsen: People are the same, same, same, same.
Ken Olsen: Same, same, same.
Ken Olsen: Same same
Ken Olsen: This is, this is it.
Ken Olsen: This is it.
Ken Olsen: This
Ken Olsen: This is what we get.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We get a feel. And it sucks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We get a heel.
Ken Olsen: Don't you don't have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have to, but then we walk around as zombies and drones and we miss out on you know this big, huge piece of life and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I know is sometimes feeling is the hardest thing to deal with, but it's also
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One of the most rewarding things ever
Ken Olsen: Been there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Two fisted you know it's two sided
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's two sided
Ken Olsen: I don't have the energy
Ken Olsen: wore out the ship.
Ken Olsen: Ship and if only I could
Ken Olsen: Have it in me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today,
Ken Olsen: Every day.
Ken Olsen: Too much
Ken Olsen: Everybody's drunk on drugs or something else, those people were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not always.
Ken Olsen: Good for them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it is you today. What do you mean it's not you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is you. Today what
Ken Olsen: Muscle relaxer and I take syrup will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, those are, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: medications that are needed for certain things in your body. They're not you know you're not self medicating
Ken Olsen: Or, you know,
Ken Olsen: I don't really need them.
Ken Olsen: fucking liar.
Ken Olsen: I don't want to take drugs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't make anything better. The end. It makes it worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hang in there can
Ken Olsen: I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listen, I have another appointment that I've got to take, but then I'm going to be calling you right back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ken Olsen: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We give me 30 minutes and answer your phone.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Ken Olsen: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that'll give time for the doctor to respond to my email, hopefully.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, so hang in with the hang in there with me. All right.
Ken Olsen: All right. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'll be calling you right back.
Ken Olsen: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. I'll talk to you in 30
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, try to rest right now. Can you rest.
Ken Olsen: We all right.
Ken Olsen: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll call you right back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay. I'll talk to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay.
Jacob Hall: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
Jacob Hall: Good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this won't take us very long. It takes about 20 minutes or so to complete a bio psych just gonna ask you a bunch of questions. Okay.
Jacob Hall: Yep, they told me an hour and I figured they were wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm all right. Tell me, what brings you to bright heart.
Jacob Hall: Because the clinic here that I usually receive services stopped and they making everyone go to break, heart, so I've been on Suboxone for seven years.
Jacob Hall: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We work with Dr Grubbs
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see you in group. We've been a group together.
Jacob Hall: Oh, maybe
Jacob Hall: Okay. Yeah, a couple groups to do now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, I usually work in a group with her. I think I've missed one group without her with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I thought you basic familiar
Jacob Hall: Yeah.
Jacob Hall: Maybe you weren't yet.
Jacob Hall: It's hard to tell when there's more people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, there really is. It is hard to tell.
Jacob Hall: All my phones small
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah. Gotcha. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. The second question is, tell me a little bit about your use history. Kind of give me a rundown of age of first us. What was the substance that you used and how did it progress to when you got sober.
Jacob Hall: Um, well.
Jacob Hall: I guess you have to dial that pretty back when I was a kid.
Jacob Hall: My parents were pretty bad, you know,
Jacob Hall: That's what happens to a lot of people they got bad parents
Jacob Hall: So I watched them do it, you know. So I think I had my first drink of alcohol when I was 10
Jacob Hall: And then, you know, I just kind of tried things as I went along.
Jacob Hall: As I got older.
Jacob Hall: Because I would catch them doing things, you know, like
Jacob Hall: Methamphetamines and stuff I'd catch them all the time. So I guess it kind of sparked my interest as a young child, right.
Jacob Hall: Yeah yeah
Jacob Hall: I was always functioning is that, you know, so I was never one to really go out and steal and you know I always worked for my money.
And my substances.
Jacob Hall: I love that's better or worse.
Jacob Hall: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is what it is.
Jacob Hall: It is what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you finally got on Suboxone. What was the substance that you were what turned out to be your primary substance.
Jacob Hall: Um,
Jacob Hall: At that time I was actually mostly using math.
Jacob Hall: And I didn't do math. A whole lot in my life. I got wrapped up with a girl for that one. I'm
Jacob Hall: Kind of
Jacob Hall: Doing it yeah it's all the girls fault.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it girls well
Jacob Hall: But I didn't really do it that much during my life. So, but that was what I was doing that and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Jacob Hall: It just so happened that
Jacob Hall: We ended up splitting up and I got with my current wife who I'm married to now.
Jacob Hall: And her mom.
Jacob Hall: Was doing the Suboxone clinic at the time with Dr gropes. She was a nurse there and so
Jacob Hall: I ended up getting stuck on Suboxone for, you know,
Jacob Hall: To I did it to get clean, you know,
Um,
Jacob Hall: And the medicine was there. So I ended up getting pretty much stuck on the medicine. I guess for for different
Jacob Hall: Different drug right mostly I mean I guess I did use opiates, a little bit, but I wasn't, I wasn't a
Jacob Hall: Addicted to the point of withdrawal. Now, unfortunately, it probably withdrawal. If I ever stopped taking Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You would have to be taper down, you know, in a slow slow process that the doctor would work with you on. Definitely. You don't want to just stop it.
Yeah.
Jacob Hall: And I almost did it right before I went here but you know it's that fear because younger in my life. I used opiates.
Jacob Hall: That fear of withdrawal just scares the crap out of me.
Jacob Hall: Yeah, so I just keep on chugging on
Jacob Hall: Is it working. Yeah.
Jacob Hall: I'm stable so stable and happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it doesn't get any better than that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Oh, stable and happy. That's exactly what is supposed to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, hey,
Jacob Hall: It's Suboxone I find a little annoying. Just because I have to.
Jacob Hall: Have to take it every morning I kind of hide it. So, because I'm the director of a day program for adults with developmental disabilities.
Jacob Hall: So no one can know you know
Jacob Hall: And so I actually take it at five in the morning and then I go back to sleep. Kind of I lay my head up.
Jacob Hall: It just, I get out of the way.
Jacob Hall: You know, and go on with
It.
Jacob Hall: Yeah, so I'd like I guess I'm in a way, expressing that I would like to get it off it someday, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely something to talk to the doctor about, you know, you guys can utilize a plan, you know that when you're ready, you guys can implement, you know. Yeah.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm okay. Any pain issues.
Jacob Hall: I got a pretty bad back, but it doesn't
Jacob Hall: It doesn't bother me unless I cut wood.
Jacob Hall: For them not not nothing, you know,
Jacob Hall: Debilitating, I guess. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So no physical issues then
Jacob Hall: No, do you mean you mean like pain. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any like diabetes, blood pressure, any physical medical
Jacob Hall: I had high blood pressure for a while, but seems to have gone away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's good.
Jacob Hall: Through through exercise and
Jacob Hall: You know lifestyle changes. Now I keep checking my blood pressure and it's too low and I'm like I do, I take my pill.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Out of your active and things are good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm okay. Any substance abuse treatment in the past.
Jacob Hall: No, no.
Jacob Hall: Well, I guess there was one little short time i checked myself into a rehab. This is probably right before Suboxone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Jacob Hall: Um, those a little rehab in town.
Jacob Hall: And I checked myself in there but I only lasted about two weeks, just because I felt I was. And again, that was for math.
Jacob Hall: Mm hmm. After a couple days, you're like, I, what am I doing here.
Jacob Hall: I don't even want to do this.
Jacob Hall: I need to go get a job and get my shit together, excuse my language.
Jacob Hall: Yes, I
ended up leaving
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you got on this inbox and every gram
Jacob Hall: I relapsed so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I was gonna ask, did you okay um and you read off some math.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Okay, and what about mental health treatment and impasse mental health treatment.
Jacob Hall: A little bit.
Jacob Hall: I do take anxiety meds because I get anxiety pretty bad.
Jacob Hall: And so I do see a periodically. There's a person to the health center.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Jacob Hall: That I see and my primary deals with that.
Jacob Hall: Yeah, so I get anxiety and some
Jacob Hall: Don't really like talking about was too much.
Jacob Hall: That's another thing that I hide.
Jacob Hall: Is the once in a while if I get really stressed out groves knows this to
Jacob Hall: What's it called, it's called applications of reference.
Jacob Hall: And that's where
Jacob Hall: And that's where you're listening to the radio or reading something or watching TV or someone talks and you think that it all applies to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jacob Hall: You reference everything to do to yourself.
Jacob Hall: And I guess part of that comes from low self esteem as a child, because I remember being young and going into like a crowded room and people would be laughing. I think they were laughing at me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. Got you.
Jacob Hall: Um, but as I got older it progressed and with the math use. And that's what the doctor said that actually math useful caused that. And so it still happens to this day.
Jacob Hall: Where I will be stressed out or something and then just randomly I'll hear something on TV or the radio and I'll literally think you know it's talking to me.
Jacob Hall: In that commercial was put there to talk to me and I'm able to, you know, deal with it and push it out there. Whoa, what do you do in there, man.
Jacob Hall: But yeah, I mean, your brain goes there for a minute. It's weird. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, makes sense though, you know, definitely. Um, any past suicide attempts, thoughts, no struggles with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any
Your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any self harm past so far.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Perfect. Um, the next part of it is wanting to know about your family dynamics, growing up. So can you tell me a little bit about the house that you grew up in where your pants to others rather live. Do they get divorce.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So they have addiction problems.
Jacob Hall: Interesting childhood.
Jacob Hall: I live down to the mountains.
Jacob Hall: I didn't even get my first light switch or indoor plumbing until I'd say fourth grade. So we had no power live way out in the mountains.
Jacob Hall: When I was young. My parents were to get together and write about fourth graders when they've split up to
Jacob Hall: But there was definitely so. And that's what I attribute to all my addiction problems. I blame it on my parents.
Jacob Hall: Because there was lots of stuff that I saw at that age that I can recall now that I shouldn't you shouldn't have seen
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. What about. So we know that there was addiction in your parents, you know, with your parents mental health. Do you know if they struggled with mental
Jacob Hall: No, they didn't. They fought a lot
Jacob Hall: They would they fought a lot and each other up.
Jacob Hall: Drinks yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Domestic violence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yes. Okay. And how many siblings do you have
One.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Older younger
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Younger boy.
Jacob Hall: She had, she poured herself into school
Jacob Hall: And ended up instead of what I did you know you can go one way or the other. Yeah, and she put herself into school and did really good so
Jacob Hall: Awesome. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was speaking of school. What was school like for you.
Jacob Hall: It was horrid, that was another thing.
Jacob Hall: I went to this tiny little town kindergarten through eighth, eighth grade worn Brooke elementary. I don't know if you know where that is. It's up by why Rica.
Jacob Hall: The entire school kindergarten through eighth grades was a really small school and I got picked on. I was really there was, you know, a lot of bullying. So, and that's where my self esteem issues come from.
Jacob Hall: I got picked on people through the whole second grade through eight
Jacob Hall: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Never crazy
Jacob Hall: Yeah, it was horrid
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate.
Jacob Hall: Um, no. I ended up dropping out in 10th grade because my parents took off. I was with my dad at that time. And I had no reason to go to school to those know parents make me in 10th grade I did get my GV
Jacob Hall: Later in life. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any military background.
Jacob Hall: Uh nope I fought fire for four years in the Forest Service.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. That's almost the just like being in the military.
Jacob Hall: To yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let me think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past legal issues.
Jacob Hall: I'm not too much only that small time again when I was using math and got mixed up with that girl I got in trouble. A little bit.
Jacob Hall: Other than that, no.
Jacob Hall: So I was incarcerated one time really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For how long
Three months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How old were you
Jacob Hall: I was
Jacob Hall: It was about 12 years ago.
Jacob Hall: So I'm about two years before my son was born.
Jacob Hall: So I'm 42 now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So about 30
Jacob Hall: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Around there three years old.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Financial stressors for you right now.
Jacob Hall: No, I'm, I'm at home. I'm the boss.
Jacob Hall: And I'm a home getting paid. So
Yeah.
Jacob Hall: I'm in. I'm in the day program. Now my house. We have six kids together.
Jacob Hall: Also
Jacob Hall: Well, that's enough.
Jacob Hall: Yeah.
Jacob Hall: So I'm in the day program right now. That's why you don't hear kids screaming
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got you. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, is there anything that I haven't touched base on that you think is important that we know about you.
Jacob Hall: I don't know.
Jacob Hall: No, I don't know. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. How long do you have sober.
Jacob Hall: About seven years.
Seven years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is there anything that you would like to work on specifically while you're engaged with bright heart.
Jacob Hall: I'm you know I'm just kind of chugging along I don't feel like
Jacob Hall: I need anything but to anything other than what I can do myself next pick my own self in the butt to get off the meds, you know,
Jacob Hall: Okay but voice. I gotta make and
Jacob Hall: I know, other than that. I'm fine. I'm totally like I said happy and stable and my kids and my job. Keep me grounded.
Jacob Hall: I'm good. I'm really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You went through counseling and with the clinic, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, while you were going, Yeah, I thought so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And this is just a piece of bright heart. You know, everybody that comes into bright heart whether you've had a done before, or not has to do a bio psychosocial and so that's why we're completing this you know there's a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they came over, because of Dr groves, that doesn't have it done. And so it kind of tasked us with, you know, making sure that everybody gets this piece. It's just part of your medical chart you know with us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's see, I think we've got everything I think I've touched base on all of the questions you have any questions for me.
Jacob Hall: No, I, I was a little worried that this would be a recurring thing because i don't i'm
Jacob Hall: Someone said something about that they made them do this all the time from to get their meds, but
Jacob Hall: This is a one time thing. Is that what this is right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, unless you request services, unless request request to see a counselor, because, I mean, you have seven years and no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sober you know you've been through program after program you you're you're totally fine. This is just for your chart. Now, if there were reasons that came up through this process today that I was concerned about, I would ask you if it's something that you're interested in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, never
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This piece of it isn't a requirement, the group. Yeah, that's the check in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know media traffic grows, that is, but as far as I'm concerned, you know, the services there if you choose to accept it, but you you know don't need to totally fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will just see you in group.
Jacob Hall: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, this is an option. Unless those issues that come up that you should probably be watched closely and I don't hear anything. I don't see anything there isn't any concerns on my radar. There's no concerns on Dr groves radar so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're good.
Jacob Hall: Appreciate that. I feel good.
Jacob Hall: Thank you very
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're ready, just talk to Dr groves about tapering in a hurry up. And again, it's, it's not a process that happens in weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it is a process so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just know that
Jacob Hall: Right. It's stupid. Anyways, I take so little, it probably wouldn't even matter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, how much do you take
Jacob Hall: four milligrams a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, I think, you know, I have heard of them dropping one milligram, or even a half milligrams a day or a week or every two weeks, you know. However, they do it. They schedule it out so you can get adjusted adjusted, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, you know, if it's helping you at that level, great, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, good stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyways. Okay, so I will see you in group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be there. Have a great weekend. Okay, you have a great weekend and I'll talk to you later. Thanks. Jacob for showing up.
Jacob Hall: Thank you. Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a great weekend.
Jacob Hall: You too.